Minor improvements to the documentation (#292)
TESSEorg/ttg: README.md

#include <ttg.h>

int main(int argc, char *argv[]) {

>   // initialization

Reviewer: can just skip comments that look like code

  ttg::initialize(argc, argv);
  // a simple template task
  auto tt = ttg::make_tt([]() { std::cout << "Hello, World!\n"; });

  // make sure the graph is connected (simple for a single node)
  ttg::make_graph_executable(tt);
  // start executing any available tasks
  ttg::execute();

>   // add a single task into the taskpool

Reviewer: since we never introduce implementation details like taskpools, I prefer something like `// create task to kickstart computation`

  if (ttg::get_default_world().rank() == 0) tt->invoke();
  // wait for completion
  ttg::fence();

>   // finalization

Reviewer: can just skip comments that look like code

int main(int argc, char *argv[]) {
  ttg::initialize(argc, argv);

>   // a simple template task

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  // a simple template task (TT)
```

  auto tt = ttg::make_tt([]() { std::cout << "Hello, World!\n"; });

>   // make sure the graph is connected (simple for a single node)

Reviewer 2: this is not sufficient to understand why the graph needs to be connected, or why it is simple for a single node.

>   // make sure the graph is connected (simple for a single node)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  // single TT is also a TT graph (=TTG); signal that we are done constructing the TTG
```

### Select the TTG Backend

The TTG C++ implementation is currently supported by 2 backends providing task scheduling, data transfer, and resource management.

> While it is possible to use a specific TTG backend explicitly, by using the appropriate namespaces, it is recommended to write backend-neutral programs that can be specialized to a particular backend in of two ways.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
While it is possible to use a specific TTG backend explicitly, by using the appropriate namespaces, it is recommended to write backend-neutral programs that can be specialized to a particular backend in of the two ways.
```

### Select the TTG Backend

The TTG C++ implementation is currently supported by 2 backends providing task scheduling, data transfer, and resource management.

> While it is possible to use a specific TTG backend explicitly, by using the appropriate namespaces, it is recommended to write backend-neutral programs that can be specialized to a particular backend in of two ways.

Reviewer 3: ... in **one* of **the* two ways

### Initialize

To initialize the TTG runtime invoke `ttg::initialize(argc, argv)`. There are several overloads of this function that also accept other optional parameters, such as the number of threads in the main thread pool, the MPI communicator for execution, etc.

> ## Specify a TTG

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Create a TTG
```

> To make a TTG, create and connect one or more TTs. The simplest TTG consists of a single TT as in the hello-world example.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To make a TTG, create and connect one or more TTs. The simplest TTG consists of a single TT as in the "Hello, World!" example.
```

> The "Hello, World!" example contains a single TT that executes a single task (hence, task ID can be omitted, i.e., `void`) that does not take and produce any data. The easiest way to make such a TT  is by wrapping a callable (e.g., a lambda) with `ttg::make_tt`:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Since the TT in the "Hello, World!" example generates a single task, the task ID can be omitted (its type is `void`). This task also does not take or produce any data. The easiest way to make such a TT  is by wrapping a callable (e.g., a lambda) with `ttg::make_tt`:
```

      tt->invoke();
```

> `ttg::execute()` must occur before, not after, sending any messages. Note also that we must ensure that only one such message is generated. Since TTG execution uses the Single Program Multiple Data (SPMD) model, when launching the TTG program as multiple processes only the first process (rank) gets to send the message.

Reviewer 2: Is it actually required that the first process (rank 0) initiates, or that `only one process (rank) gets to send the message`

Author: This text is not correct. Every process must call `ttg::execute()`.

Reviewer: The "only some processes" referred to invoke, not execute. I rephrased.

> `ttg::execute()` must occur before, not after, sending any messages. Note also that we must ensure that only one such message is generated. Since TTG execution uses the Single Program Multiple Data (SPMD) model, when launching the TTG program as multiple processes only the first process (rank) gets to send the message.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`ttg::execute()` starts the TTG work engines and must occur before, not after, kickstarting off any computation by sending the data into the free in-terminals. The kickstart messages are generated by invoking `TT::invoke(taskID, values)`; in this case the task ID is void, and the task does not take any input data, so `TT::invoke()` receivesno parameters. Since TTG uses the Single Program Multiple Data (SPMD) execution model, every process invokes `ttg::execute()` when this TTG program is invoked as multiple processes, but only the first process (rank) gets to send the kickstart message since all messages in a TTG program, including the kickstart messages, must be unique.
```

      tt->invoke();
```

> `ttg::execute()` must occur before, not after, sending any messages. Note also that we must ensure that only one such message is generated. Since TTG execution uses the Single Program Multiple Data (SPMD) model, when launching the TTG program as multiple processes only the first process (rank) gets to send the message. Otherwise, 

Reviewer 3: ~Otherwise~ ?

int main(int argc, char *argv[]) {
  ttg::initialize(argc, argv);

>   const int64_t N = 20; // want to compute Fib(20)

Reviewer: should match the TT name, so `Fib` -> `fib`

  }
};

auto make_ttg_fib_lt(const int64_t F_n_max) {

>   ttg::Edge<int64_t, Fn> f2f; // Fib to Fib

Reviewer: fib -> fib

>   ttg::Edge<void, Fn> f2p;    // Fib to print

Reviewer: fib -> print

##### `TTValue`

> For optimal performance, the low-level runtime that manages the data motion across the memory hierarchy (host-to-host (i.e., between MPI ranks), host-to-device, and device-to-device) and so it must be able to _track_ each datum as it orchestrates the computation. For example, when a TTG task `send`'s a datum to an output terminal connected to multiple consumers the runtime may avoid unnecessary copies, e.g., by recognizing that all consumers will only need read-only access to the data, hence reference to the same datum can be passed to all consumers. This requires the mapping of a pointer to a C++ object to the control block that describes that object to the runtime. Deriving C++ type `T` from `TTValue<T>` includes the control block in `T` and avoids creating a separate control block. This is particularly important for the data that has to travel to the device.

Reviewer 3: ... and so ~it~ **on*, must be able to ~_track_~ **track* / `_track_` each datum as it orchestrates the computation. For example, when a TTG task ~`send`'s~ sends a datum ...

##### `Buffer`
`Buffer<T>` is a view of a contiguous sequence of objects of type `T` in the host memory that can be automatically moved by the runtime to/from the device memory. Here `Fn::b` is a view of the 2-element sequence pointed to by `Fn::F`; once it's constructed the content of `Fn::F` will be moved to/from the device by the runtime. The subsequent use of `Fn::b` cause the automatic transfers of data to (`device::select(f_n.b)`) and from (`ttg::device::wait(f_n.b)`) the device.
A `Buffer<T>` can be either owning or non-owning. In the example above, the memory is owned by the `unique_ptr`.

> If no pointer is passed to the constructor of `Buffer<T>` the buffer becomes owning, i.e., it allocates the necessary host-side memory.

Reviewer: do we need to get in the weeds of why `F` must be on heap to give relocatability?

# TTG Performance

Competitive performance of TTG for several paradigmatic scientific applications on shared- and distributed-memory machines (CPU only)

> is discussed in [manuscript ``Generalized Flow-Graph Programming Using Template Task-Graphs: Initial Implementation and Assessment''](https://www.ipdps.org/ipdps2022/2022-accepted-papers.html) and has been presented at [IPDPS'22](https://www.ipdps.org/ipdps2022/).

Reviewer 2: don't you have a full DOI at this point for this?

> is discussed in [manuscript ``Generalized Flow-Graph Programming Using Template Task-Graphs: Initial Implementation and Assessment''](https://www.ipdps.org/ipdps2022/2022-accepted-papers.html) and has been presented at [IPDPS'22](https://www.ipdps.org/ipdps2022/).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
was discussed in manuscripts [``Generalized Flow-Graph Programming Using Template Task-Graphs: Initial Implementation and Assessment''](https://doi.org/10.1109/IPDPS53621.2022.00086) and [``Composition of Algorithmic Building Blocks in Template Task Graphs''](https://doi.org/10.1109/PAW-ATM56565.2022.00008). Low-level benchmarking of TTG tasking was reported in manuscript [``Pushing the Boundaries of Small Tasks: Scalable Low-Overhead Data-Flow Programming in TTG''](https://doi.org/10.1109/CLUSTER51413.2022.00026). 
```

# TTG Performance

Competitive performance of TTG for several paradigmatic scientific applications on shared- and distributed-memory machines (CPU only)

> will be discussed in [manuscript ``Generalized Flow-Graph Programming Using Template Task-Graphs: Initial Implementation and Assessment''](https://www.ipdps.org/ipdps2022/2022-accepted-papers.html) and has been presented at [IPDPS'22](https://www.ipdps.org/ipdps2022/).

Reviewer: "will be" -> "is"
